Add documentation of `run` option (#238)
eclipse-cdt/cdt-gdb-vscode: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## Unreleased

- Update to cdt-gdb-adapter [v?.?.?](https://github.com/eclipse-cdt-cloud/cdt-gdb-adapter/releases/tag/v?.?.?).

>     - Implements [cdt-gdb-adapter `#548`](https://github.com/eclipse-cdt-cloud/cdt-gdb-adapter/pull/548): Add `run` setting to keep stopped threads stopped on attaching.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Implements [cdt-gdb-adapter `#548`](https://github.com/eclipse-cdt-cloud/cdt-gdb-adapter/pull/548): Add `run` setting to configure if stopped threads are set running or kept stopped on attach.
```

Nit: "`run` setting to keep something stopped" sounded a bit contradicting without knowing what it is about.
